[charts] Controll axis tooltip (#21351)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/tooltip/tooltip.md

You can modify this behavior with the `anchor`, `position`, and `placement` props.

- `anchor: 'pointer' | 'node' | 'chart'`: Indicates whether the tooltip should be placed relative to the pointer, the node, or the charts area.

>   Values `'node'` and `'chart'` are available if `trigger` is set respectively to `'item'` or `'node'`.

Reviewer: I dont understand this phrase

>   Values `'node'` and `'chart'` are available if `trigger` is set respectively to `'item'` or `'node'`.

Author: @JCQuintas What about this re-write?

```suggestion
- `anchor: 'pointer' | 'node' | 'chart'`: Indicates the element used to anchor the tooltip.
  - The `anchor: 'node'` is only available for tooltip with `trigger: 'item'`
  - The `anchor: 'chart'` is only available for tooltip with `trigger: 'axis'`
```

Reviewer: Seems reasonable

{{"demo": "SyncTooltip.js"}}

## Controlling the axis tooltip

You can control the axis tooltip with `tooltipAxis` and `onTooltipAxisChange`.
The manage an array of objects `{ axisId, dataIndex }`.

When the axis tooltip is controlled, the `anchor` is set to `'chart'` if the pointer is outside of the chart.

:::warning
Make sure the tooltip `trigger` is set to `"axis"`.

> Otherwise no tooltip will be shown.

Reviewer: should/could we automatically change that? Like, shouldn't it just work?
